# Draw What You See

There are three people in this world that C-Money has no power over: this dude named Traci, a woman from my childhood, and myself. Some people respect C-Money for reasons not clear to myself. Others claim she is the devil. To be fair, those were her words. They were spoken by her and said to me one day shortly after the car accident.

Last winter, a few bad cops in Milwaukee abducted me out of my car when I was attempting to drop off my car for valet parking. It was a hotel in downtown Milwaukee near Marquette University where C-Money _supposedly_ works and also the university where she gave me all my computers. That night, the cops tied me to a table against my will, drew my blood via the phone-a-warrant they used that night. I remember that chipmunk cop - the chubby one that called in the warrant and helped the others force me from my car outside that downtown hotel.

There was a man wearing a blue windbreaker with thicker white hair, styled like they did in the nineties and combed back that appeared to be mid-40s. This is my best description of him based on the smirk he shot me through the windshield of the cop car they locked me in. The number of beeping cameras were too many to count. Why did he show up to the garage where they parked their police car only to leave me in that back seat, cuffed, and prodded by an innumerable count of beeping cameras and meaningless voices coming from the police scanner? Why did they take me to the hospital and not have this _presumed witness_ show up there in effort to avoid two trips? Who was he? Was he the restaurant owner?

It was a living nightmare. At the hospital, the only female cop of the group was crying at one point because she knew what was happening. I could tell she knew who I was. Maybe I should have told them I went to high school with Matt. He was a Milwaukee police officer that died on duty while I was still in Los Angeles. It was all over social media. It appeared that the city I was from was pretty upset about his death. Matt was a wrestler in high school. That is all I knew of him. Why was the death of my classmate memorialized while the life of myself erased from the public? It is sad to learn of these misfortunes, and I mean no offense to Matt's family, but I think it is important to remind everyone of the hypocrisies of the state and the actions they take to force the images of authority on to you.

. . .


It is important here to preface these next thoughts for you, the reader, and myself because some of the assumptions that others may find in some are the worst in people, both ways for the giver and the taker. They often do that through natural contrast of thought, or the lazy inclination to dislike others, or because there is something they do not understand - also laziness. We are all guilty of this at times, but knock it off.

If you cannot already tell, I often get lost in thought and turn towards that exercise because it is. But if you look closer, with a little effort, you will see there is never an outline or any articulated plan for my work, unless required. There is never a plan for writing, unless required, and never have I ever kept a calendar, unless required. The no-calendar thing was true in college and especially the web applications I built.

The days I was actually happy in that duplex I can see that visitor. I can see that pattern of color that decorated the hallway floor of the duplex, and I can see her hair. It was long, she was pretty, and she knew how to dress well. I see bell-bottoms, a laced jacket, and a smile.

As much as I want to talk about my best-friend, his family, and my earliest memory of the Tippecanoe Library, it means much more to finish this essay as intended. There will be plenty of time to tell you about Nintendo, my Big Wheel, that gravel alley, and the Nintendo remote that was _switched_ out on me. When I moved out of Milwaukee, into Greenfield, and on to the third grade, the turbulance started. The lemonade did too.

Emotinally, I had a rough childhood. No offense, but ask me about it because who else would possibly know better than myself? Hopefully, you caught some snark from that, but I am just tryig to set you up for the one and only time I was brought to see a therapist, the first time I caught Cheryl in a lie, and the time the doctor asked me to draw what I see. You will get two descriptons: what I drew and what I _actually_ could see.

Before anyone gets all mad about the lie I caught her in, ask yourself, to yourself, if it really was one, take a deep breath, and that is it. Unfortunately, kids fight with their people sometimes, but for me it was too often. As a fair and reasonable person that can get angry, please know this was not all of her fault, but if I was the captain now and someone fell overboard, I would not ask them to swim back to the boat. There would be a figure-eight maneuver and a hand to pull you in. That is what a teacher showed me.

Highlights was the best part of those visits to the doctor. That is where I learned of them, subscribed to the magazine, and had something intersting to read for the summer. It is difficult to say why they were so good, but there was simply a unique quality they had. R.L. Stine was my favorite author then. The smell of them will never be forgotten. The child psychologist asked about these things I am assuming, but there is some stuff I _do_ remember - playing chess with the psychologist and drawing that picture. I know you stil have it. Please may I have it back? You can even electronicly post it to me. It is my first name <strong>at</strong> my first and last name that preceeds the initialism for Indian Ocean. A formal request should expedite my artwork, my medical document, to some place safe that I am familiar with. I trust that you will be proactive in your efforts before I sophisticate that process one step forward.

This method of asking your patient to lay back, close your eyes, and listen to what seemed like a story prompt was new to me and stil is. This is not to say it was weird, but c'mon. What, Y? There is no animosity for this, but it was just annoying to wonder your whole life what that was all about. Since I am here now, in this motel room, and in the mood, I guess I need to tell you I did not _draw what I see_ at the based on your story prompt. Do not get too excited because I can hear you. That was the goal. Why tho. Their prompt went like this.

Lay back, close your eyes and picture you are at the edge of a cliff (maybe they were also fine with a mountain or a plateu or a balcony or a cloud). You are still in your chair, eyes closed, but at the top of the mountain you grow wings and begin to fly. You flap away at about 2pm or 10am on the wind clock, but you are still human so your legs are dangling. Maybe you lost a a pair of shoes on the way. You are are cold becuse you forgot your flight jacket.

You make it to your destination just fine, but after you have finished tripping out about this new superpower of yours and people are not as weird to you in public anymore, the castle in front of you is intriguing enough to go in. In through the out door you went, or out through the in door if juxtaposition is your thing.

In the castle are some doors, hopefully, and you pick one, or arrive at one, or at the conclusion of a momentary lapse of reason you still make it to the door. You open the door. Draw what you see.

I had to improvise here becaue I opened the door and it was just an empty room with brick walls. In an effort to placate my new friend, I drew what was in my imagination. It was an outdoor scene, maybe a tree for effect, but at that point you should have called me out because who finds a door like that in a castle that opens to another outside. I mean, c'mon. Yes, courtyards have walls.

Here is the creepy part in two. First, along with the outdoor sceene and the tree and the possible fake squirrel or something, I drew these three-dimensional boxes floating in the air. Second, the psychologist asked what they represented and I said they were my family people. It made sense to me because the number of boxes added up to the same number of family people I could think of. Also, this was just placation. You know, for fun.

Lastly, if you have not already heard, my art teacher in high school told me that helped me when I was struggling to draw in class. She just said to draw to what you see. It is just a cool thing when someone can say something concise and the intended result results. Thank you very much because what you taught turned me towards a pretty nice direction in life. Why did I forget those words fo so long? Maybe I did not. Kyle, thanks for the reminder.


...brb
