# The Division Bell

This particular account starts with my Russian friend, Ruslan. He found me at this temporary place in Chicago on North Ashland Avenue. Still, to this day, I think he was a spy. Do not be alarmed by this. "You KGB fuck", I would sometimes say to him in jest, but for fun, check this out.

Russ and I walked around Chicago together and there was something about him that told me he was on a mission of some kind. I mean, it was almost as if he was tasked to show me the city. One afternoon him and I shared lunch together, but what I really liked about him was how he liked to share his food. There is a particular kind of emotion that comes from sharing and giving. I could tell that Russ was the same way. It was not just food he shared, it was also bits and pieces of culture that I very much needed and missed over the years. I was lacking more than I thought. Russ knew that. Russ stuck around until he felt confident I was back to normal. Russ likes boxing and he loves Mike Tyson. If not for this kind of friendship, I may have never snapped out of the cultural trance I was caught in.

Russ is my height and has a Russian accent, but he looks Asian. He said he grew up in Chicago, but the accent tells me that he spent some time over seas. This kind of loyalty and respect was something that I missed from my friends in Los Angeles. Assuming Russ was sent by someone or assuming he acted on his own, I could sense that he actually cared. There was a lot of patience on his part.

If you ever watched the movie, Stand By Me, you might remember that scene with the train. Do you remember when Vern lost his comb and had to take it slow across those tracks by crawling on his knees? If you pay close attention, you'll notice that Denny stayed behind him the whole time despite the impending danger of the train that was surely going to run them off the tracks to certain death. Denny was there to push him forward and never left him. The other half of the crew yelled towards them encouraging them to hurry to safety. That is the kind of loyalty and friendship that I value more than any other in life because I will tell you that a man cannot survive without that kind of love for your brother. This is the way I wish we all were with each other once again. I firmly believe that this lack of brotherly love is the cause of many of the world's problems. Here in the states, it seems a lot of people forgot this lesson.

On the train, Russ called me one day asking for help. He was humble enough to admit the reason for his disposition. He just needed money, and that is fine, but I barely had any. I still sent him $300 of the $1200 in my account. Consider the emotions you feel when you take care of a friend without expectation or call for debt. The bond you form will be one of the most valuable things you may experience. It is something beyond loyalty and exists as one of those special relationships in life.

. . .

I was kicked out of the Airbnb, that Russ and I shared, for smoking weed. I quickly found another. After about a week in this new place, there was a knock on my door. I opened it and and there was the host of my Airbnb. She was wearing makeup and dressed in nicer clothes. She handed me a brown paper bag, I peaked inside. There was a single donut sitting at the bottom. She said that someone brought her donuts and there was one left for me. After thanking her, I closed my door and set the paper bag on the shelf and forgot about it. That night I paged through _Figures of Speech_ authored by Virgil Abloh and watched _Mystery of Chessboxing_ screened by 36cinema. Afterward, I stayed on the 36cinema website to listen to Rza's commentary of the film. There was a selfie taken in that bathroom mirror. I wrote in my diary until it was late.

I remember eating that bakery the next day and getting sick. It was my stomach. It was a familiar pain, at first, as if I had to use the bathroom soon to pass whatever was causing this. The pain lingered longer than usual. As it got worse, I decided it was best to lay my stomach with my arms fully extended and my face partially pressed into the blanket that covered the mattress. Something about that stomach ache felt different. I began to worry. As I laid there, face down, my worry turned into a mild panic. For some unknown reason thoughts of death appeared. Where did they come from? They appeared suddenly, but I did not fight them off.

I began to think about God. It was if I was pretending to prepare for death at any moment. Often times, my mind enters this land of make-believe that allows the reasoning of my mind to absorb all possible considerations of my heart. God was there and I began to talk to Him. I may not remember what I said, but once I truly accepted death as an option that day, I felt like a soldier. My faith in God destroyed all thoughts of fear and I remember thinking that, since this was His decision, I better make this look admirable.

After I got up from that bed, with my mind in order, I headed for the bathroom to sit down because it really felt like I had to go. Directly in front of me was the cabinet below that mirror where I took that selfie. Draped over the cabinet door was a blue hand towel that read, "All blue skies from here." I have to admit, that worried me a little, but that was the last thing I remember before I woke up on the bathroom floor. When I woke up, the pain was gone. I had plenty of energy. I looked around the bathroom to see if there was anything to clean up, but there was nothing. It was a miracle.

I wondered if I died and God brought me back to life, but imagine that consideration for yourself. Would you tell anyone? Would you have to? There is this unfamiliar enhancement I still feel that started the moment I woke up in that bathroom. Those feelings bring an extra love for life and everything around me gets a much closer look at its details - almost like a superpower, but I still consider that to be my empathy. Sometimes, the empathy I have for others is so strong I have to distance myself from the source. Sometimes I cannot. Sometimes empathy brings sadness or pain. Sometimes my empathy makes me want to curl up in a ball clutching my head as these overwhelming thoughts allow for none of my own. Maybe that is my new superpower. Maybe God is still teaching me how to use it. Sometimes, the thoughts I have in these moments really do not feel like my own. I know how insane that may sound, but these days is not everything upside-down?

This is no claim to have an ability to read minds, but what I do claim to have is this ability to sense the true intentions of others. It is all about body language and how people carry themselves. This includes the way people talk. If I am tuned in to what you are saying, then please know I can sense the tone you are using, the tone you want to use, and the tone you should be using. This is to imply that, if you are lying or exaggerating, I will always know. While I believe this is may be sound a little arrogant or self-absorbed to the reader, you and I both know it probably is. What is even more delusional is the thought that this was all the result of me almost dying only to wake up off the floor as if God raised me from the dead. Know that I know how alarming that will be for others to read. For you, myself, and the reader, know that I am open to other interpretations.

All the other reasonable explanations, for how I fell unconscious and woke up feeling more than fine, will be acceptable to me. That is to say, I will probably agree with you without hesitation. Will you and the reader agree that any alternative explanation cannot be exclusively true without God as a factor? Consider the following reasoning that brings up some fascinating truths about the human condition.

. . .

We seem to be terrible at maintaining a healthy perspective on reality. At least we are not learning to have one fast enough as adults. This error is called _interpretation of fact_. This will usually occur when others modify the conclusions regarding your own personal experiences. The horrors of this can be called _interpretation of fact_. This is an evil practice that you will find in this world and can be blamed for many of the awful results that occur from human interaction. The solution is to let others define their own realities, but it does not end there. You should not modify these conclusions and then use them to add to your own enlightenment.

If I say that I died from eating a poisonous donut and God resurrected me from the dead shortly after, then the cheapest support I can provide for this claim is that nobody else was there to see it. A more robust explanation will turn into a lesson on life, but since I seem to have a strong opinion about this, then brace yourselves. I will do my best to shine a light.

The goal is to label the input of another reality as subjectively true for the sake of yourself and objectively true for the sake of myself. All input, transformed as output, is categorically true for the sake of everyone in the form of words. When two realities discuss truth, they meet at a line of distinction. This division has a bell. The bell chimes the moment the output of another becomes the input of yourself. The sound of that bell is an indication that there is no modification of input allowed unless explicitly granted by the source of the output. In other words, you should not internalize the modification of any subjective truth. Categorical truths accumulate through the moments and collectively embody the one source of truth for all of humanity in time.

A casual articulation of the flow of information is exemplified by comics. They often take the form of conversation. To maintain consistency, using the poisonous donut as an example, would go something like this.

I say, "dude, I ate a donut and died. When I woke up from this fatal slumber, I felt resurrected by God. I think the donut was poisonous".

You say, "That is impossible. This guy is crazy. I cannot wait to tell everyone about my modified version of his words".

Cow say, "Yikes! Is the division bell not loud enough? Let me turn up the volume. Poof. This bell shall be called, tinnitus, lol."

. . .

To discuss with you, myself and the reader my thoughts on the division bell requires completion. To do so, a good reminder for the beginning of the end, of this essay, is that time does not exist. The concept is severely flawed and the cause of much pain and anxiety in this world. My solution, in theory, is that an individual reality, or life, is a collection of moments. To visualize the accumulation of moments, recall the non-liner tessellation of a life that increases or decreases through recollection of memory or fruition created in wonder of imagination. Moments are indivisible and discrete in nature. By virtue of these facts, a tessellation is defined as two or more moments that can be partially observed under some conditions, but the observability of a tessellation is tangential for this story and will be explored in another essay.

Regarding the division bell, its figurative role is a reminder to maintain the source of truth. When the output of another reality rings the division bell, it should remind you to avoid transformation by allowing any output to become subjective truth. This should allow you to picture a figurative synapse of two realities exchanging information. The source of truth erodes by human error in the presence of transformation.

Imagine a conversation between you and I to have a light we reflect back as input and output. The line of distinction between these realities is the space where this light travels. We can call this space the wire. The wire is uninsulated. This implies that our conversation, or maintenance of the truth, is vulnerable to all that can hear our conversation. Any interpretation of the hypothetical reader increases potential transformation of the truth and decreases the effectiveness of our maintenance of the truth. The reader does this much like you or I could if we were not careful with the truths shared with us by another. The second reason for non-insulation of the wire is God. He listens, and the reality of what happens to our reflected light can only be defined by you or the reader.

At the conclusion of our reflection, for example, the subjective truth that is still an objective truth of myself now has utility. The effort you made to care for the objective truth of myself is available for you to use to maintain the source of truth when shared in another moment and with another reality, even if it is myself again. This is a confirmation that yields validity that often amplifies that light when shined in any other moment. If I were to shine my light at a transformer, you could say the transformer failed to hear or ignore the sound of the division bell because their transformation of my truth is now shade. The lack of effort to internalize as subjective truth is often thrown as shade onto you, myself, or the reader.

Figuratively speaking, shade is not darkness. Darkness, for example, can be in the form of a lie. Subjective truth, that originated as darkness, becomes shade that is unintentionally thrown into the wire. This echo of darkness may cause severe damage to the source of truth if enough moments in time were unaware of its presence. Negligence is found in effortlessness and an inability to watch for the echo of darkness and the shade that it creates.


...brb
