# The Lifespan of a Language

Pretend you fully understand the measurement that you might observe from literally anything. To slice it into only two abstractions is a luxury of choice. Your space is divided evenly or or unevenly, but to have consideration for nothing requires division. This should support the theories of discreet math and the like. If this brings an answer for division that is always asked about. Maybe the reason is not that you cannot divide by zero, but rather you have to divide.

Since the description of something that closely resembles discrete math is the road to suggesting there are dead ends in these maps of trajectory that all originate from the center of a sphere. After all the hits ever in every game of baseball could carve this normalized center of Earth, then to allow the hits to bounce off the boundaries of the cube. The area you find in this distance of space will have another rule. The upward trajectory lets us remove the possibility that the surface of the ballpark has only one moment to be removed and that is after lift off. The cool thing about that is that this will do is make your math easier.

The collisions though is where people fall in love. Let this be the reason you would choose a cube over a anything that can fit inside. Even, in two dimensions, the circle should have no lines of division and its next complication will also argue for the ideal shape for photographs, To provide a profile picture, the next thing an app will do is subtract from that area until a lower bound is hit. As humans, we stop there and choose not to abstract the next square because the is an obvious degradation of fact with two states of rest or an upper and lower bound. At what limit does your thing approach either bound? This is the essence of calculus as the resulting observation after a you understand the rates of change. One book cover is integration and the back cover is derivation.

If I ever see a math problem in a nightmare be about two trains and their locations, then I would be required to say that nobody will ever know because there is never a perfect interpretation of intent. This will throw off any math calculation, but who am I kidding. We have that box again. Guess what. Let us use it once more to get some echo. It sounds pretty, but what the hell is it? They will not know either, but we will call them assumptions. This has to be the end of the line of things that represent how math is broken. Hopefully, my artistic identity can include another reminder that the beauty I liked was how math explained and looked like the patterns of non math things and the other way too.

Since they stitch across one another, then just pick one and that is your path across the atlas. In sailing this shape is just like a zig-zag. Watch out for the boom when you push your tiller away from yourself to is it angled towards the other side of the boat where you now need to be. That is the way you have to move it. The first thing you notice is it can be a rather gentle push, but the wind will tell you where an upper bound and a lower bound is for the wind in every conceivable direction the wind can be blowing. This is usually between the giant roman numerals on the horizon, of X and II on your wind clock, 10 and 2 on your watch, but originally 10 and 2 on the wall clock of your giant boyfriend's kitchen clock.

Please don't put a moonscape as the background of a clock because it will look cool for however long you choose, but then when you realize what you just did was something similar to personification that gets weird. That is what the fear of God is like. Now that you know, did not prayer not come true? If anyone has a new fear in God that has just read these words means I did wake up from the dead and find my superpower. There is mercy when you just do what it says. Since there is no such thing as luck, then what can I tell you? What would you tell yourself. Maybe this is why many of you are at home. There is no way you could survive out in public like that. Imagine almost two years now, but just kidding just like an hour if that even makes sense.

Cheers
