Dear China,

College, where I am from, often sends their students to study abroad. The school a student must choose is in another country that has a culture other than where they are from by default. The realization that I had one day about that kind of educational experience, if I chose to enjoy that luxury myself, was the awareness of some strata layered next to the the introspection layer that I would call some layer of ethnocentrism. That layer introspectively facsimiles thoughts of the cultures I would chose. The uncomfortable reality of that choice is how it will reveal an assortment of the preference, you and myself might have, of cultures other than our native ones. Sociology, most likely, goes over this somewhere, but if you are hungry, it is simply food for thought that is high in calories and zero grams of implication. Admittedly, I would have chosen Spain or some other European country. Informatively, I chose to study Spanish to satisfy my foreign language requirement. Practically, that choice was because Mexico is to my south. Realistically, this melting pot in the United States does not have much of an Asian layer of potting clay. I have a dream that all men are created equal too, but with very little Asian potting clay available in the art studio the summer of 1776. This is a disadvantage for me because the colors I shine have been misused like the colors that shine off a state flag. I wonder if those that misuse color also open a can of paint with a screwdriver.

Anything you gather from that story-prompt I hope might be similar to my intention to think about translation while you listen. If I could ask any other culture the kinds of questions with the same feeling you might get when you ask a grandparent, I would eventually lose confidence in an interpretive system approaching infinity questions from me through to you. After the temptation to ask you about God arrived as one of those infinite amount of questions, the lesson I have found is that a day has arrived when I no longer feel the need to. Maybe a better question is if you see my thoughts as a climb up a mountain or a roll down the other side, then would both visualizations help you vicariously anticipate my next moment of wonder following the temptations to ask you about my God or empathetically anticipate my next moment of wonder following the temptations to ask you about my God? The dynamics of the interaction of those two entities I just painted, in our minds, occasionally resemble what it is like for me to perpetually consider all of history while God is my imaginary friend that I have pretended to see in a few of you. If that imagery invites you to imagine a fist-bump with Jesus and I, then sure because that actually happened and because the _actual_ fist bump was last Passover one night when I was led downstairs to open the back door and momentarily rest standing at its threshold gripping two intense levels of reciprocating fear and relief. A provocative way I interpret that experience was similar to the images you might see when someone is initiated into a street gang. Instead of punches thrown with a rhythm of these subsequent hands to pull you back to your feet, they were emotions approaching as close to infinity for both joy and despair without being absolute joy and despair slated as 50 / 50 without any concept of a subtotal. The tempo felt like the speed-bag a fighter uses for training. Would you consider that punching-bag a form of personification or a form of comparison between my rate of emotions and something else? If I played you my thoughts on slow-motion video, would the ones on Passover seem more pleasant if you saw the punching-bag as a baseball thrown back and forth with some of the returns arriving at angles you could only hope to predict. Preparedness for me in that situation is to square-up so the ball has my body could provide an added level of protection from the ball getting behind me because my ultimate desire is to return a return in those throws of recursion.


A more simple question I would ask is if the bow of a human, as opposed to the bow humans put on ships, feel like the hug of a human, as opposed to the ones humans solicit on signs?

A less simpler question would be if you can sense the momentary reasoning that makes us put our hands behind our backs. For example, last summer in the grocery store I began to notice why I would clasp my hands together behind my back as my feet were cornered to allow my torso to position my eyes like a desk lamp would illuminate what my eyes could not feel about the onion on sale in the produce aisle.



The reader is meant to believe my hands were resting, but not actually resting because it was my mind resting. My intent was aimed for that rest and was designed this way to remove another layer of interest anyone might have of my private observation of the question on the sign selling this onion for money that I was looking at. I was trying to tell the reader that no escalation of the interest not of my own was necessary. This is the same interest when one store clerk forgets to tell the other store clerk that the help I did not ask for had arrived. Except what really happened when I was looking at a new pair of shoes was two war machines that resembled military helicopters, but said _helicomputers_ on the sides of the places were the humans went, just landed foot at the Circle K. One thump and then the second thump you knew to anticipate anticipated you the moment you remembered the shoes asked you a question. Surprise, but he does not know about this and then he asks if you are sure. That second guess he just appended to your list is pride fucking with you because three words, are, you, and sure just swung at both Blackhawk helicopters so hard that one is in space because he hit them like number `3` in the diagram.

```

...brb

```

With no more further questions from myself, your honor, I would like to move on to a comparison and a contrastison of two recent inventions I like to call automatic translation devices. Two research and development teams, respectively, responded to the problem differently. Both are in use and both kinda work, and when they do work, another mole pops up to whack except you pay coin for this duration of whack time. When your coin runs out, that represents the end of your life in this game. When you get home from the arcade it is heaven to you, but all you can round up is an inaccurate number of moles you whacked in a buffer and you can kind of celebrate this number that is close enough until you realize that those moles helped a computer engineer figure out how to make your whacks clicks on a hardware button with a mixture of software, now called a track-pad, that helps you believe this sudden proposed measurement of the 99% CPU usage was claimed by the machines notification system and was making you feel special similar to the encouragement of the following prose.

The physics of your hammer attached to the tip of your thumb helped gravity push that track pad so hard and so deep down inside that the robot moans a fake orgasm concluding half the result of the first thrust in and you hear the second half of that game get you off with the softer and gentler version of the sound her first fake orgasm made especially for you. Sometimes, I like to wait a moment and let her look into my eyes before I pull out for the double click.

All that did not seem nasty moments after my recollections following the the real thing. I can still smell your perfume from last night. I lay in my bed. Some moments the phantom smell of your shampoo appears because you are now getting dressed in our bedroom after your shower. I did not hear you close the door that we left open during sex. I did not see or hear my bedroom door close because I began to write on my computer when I woke up from that day-dream wearing a pair of headphones at full volume blasting something not romantic like we listend to about an hour before, When you took off your towel I could feel the wind it made on my feet. I was wearing no socks, my pants with empty pockets, that brand new crew-neck white t-shirt I saved for the night before to wear under one of those Henleys I like to pull-off as far from some casual code as I can take it. The bright white lined the collar where a v-neck would have failed.

When we both logged in, I did not take off my lanyard. I caught you looking _at_ it when you were on the bottom, and when you were on top, I caught you looking _for_ it. I tried to hide how much I liked that subtle tell you gave me and you liked how much that subtle tell made me feel. You then knew I was ready. You showed me how much you knew that you came, but you did not get your warning off in time. You sent it anyways as you mouthed some words despite how much excitement was in your voice. I enjoyed listening to you for the eight seconds it lasted after I asked you if I could come with you. You said, yes, but that happened after I listened to your body got ahead of your mind. When we were done, I then knew the way I hoped you would sound when we were together.


...brb
