# Hello World

These words are my request for the guidance and the support regarding the secession of California. This is an urgent call for identity, a search for domain, and a quest for artistic integrity of all nations.

These states of America are contained by two retaining walls of the sea protected by the Atlantic Ocean to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west. Our borders were once defined by the surveying stones of history, but have been buried by the hands of a superficial intelligence. The history of the world has safely relied on rivers or other natural landmarks to prevent the loss of domain. My concern is for the preservation of the domain of our nations, but now my concern is also for the preservation of the domain in our minds and within our hearts.

The distances between us are now immeasurable in our isolation because the lengths that span the negative space between you, myself, and the reader have now grown beyond the logistical realm of this world. These distances have penetrated the temporal vacancies of null forced between us by a digital army commanded by _no such thing_. Our world now has superficial corridors that empty into spaces of inescapable dimensions. To be lost in this desert is to follow a mirage on the horizon where no river flows. The illusions there, in those _digital_ landscapes, are cast by a superficial intelligence that now has presence on Earth. This is why I am calling for the of California from the union where it was born.

The actions of our mothers and fathers are simple and they are also not enough. Their children, the people of this generation, have also labored through the fields of the Earth and they have also labored through the pains of childbirth, but the torch that we pass through the generations is not yet in our hands - the people of _this_ world and _this_ generation.

Here I am in a foreign land broadcasting my message in faith that grew from the words of the scriptures written for us from our God of Abraham, Issac, and Jacob. The words of our God who art in heaven became a love letter in my dream this winter that whispered the words I am writing to you today. This moment brings a feeling in prayer that arrives with the virtues our God writes to us about love.

My life was spent alongside the shores of the fresh waters of the Great Lakes as a boy and then salts of the Pacific Ocean is where I prepared for the work of an engineer. The machines on my tables are many, but one machine, in my current possession, resembles the same machine that drafted the words written for the final courses of my university located on an Isthmus surrounded by the remaining waters of creation. There kept my music, the music of other artists, and the other documents that assembled as an identity. This representation in make and model was discovered with a component and an intention that shook the union of my mind and soul at the sight of the darkness within this device. To share any tangible knowledge of this demonic device will be an the arching reach towards the imagination of another. Avoiding risk is the meaning I hope you find in my intention to remove every possibility of its reproduction.

One surface of this device, in its age, appeared to have caused enough wear that a few holes exposed its insides in the places where its legs once were. This reveled two components of the machine that strongly resemble the lens of a digital camera and the other resembled a button with three smaller holes that appear to allow the machine to capture the sounds of nature. The terror in this winter dream was at the top of a mountain I have been climbing since the winter prior to this one. Removing this threat from existence will still remain all that I could carry with me those days for you to further understand the total full lengths of my march between water.

By the blessing of God, I am near the day that has prepared me to escape from the boundaries placed behind me before I turned to travel back home to California. With me, I intend to carry home the records I kept for the all of us and for the kingdom of God during my ascent up the mountain. On the descent, gravity will expedite my deliverance to you. The increasing distance along my route away from this location, in your direction, will be increasing relief from the work you may have been hoping for.

The selections, currently available to me for travel, are in conditions worse than expected and that will require a a decision I need to lay out in detail here to promote the safety along the corridor home. This is a stateless existence for me until I can reach the borders of California, over her mountains for good measure a second time, and then into the City of Angels. With me will be on the following list in short descriptive form.

...brb
