# Fake Cops

In Los Angeles there is the movie industry. There are filming permits. There are parking slabs that are rented by a filming crew. There is a Sunset Strip. There is everything you need to make a movie here. Have you ever watched Terminator One or Two. Those Los Angeles police looked pretty real in the movie with their uniforms and their cop cars. Those props exist in real life. Those cop cars are probably old cop cars and the film industry buys them to make movies.

You have to understand that the film industry thinks they own everything. One day in Los Angeles, when I lived downtown on 5th and Broadway, there was a French Dip sandwich around the corner. On the way back there suddenly was a movie set with confetti flying around. There was also a bent-up cop car in the middle of the street and some stupid-ass extras running around in circles. There was a crowd that gathered on both sides of the sidewalk and there was also a douchebag, working the set, that would not let me through the crowd to get home. I mean, it was not that big of a deal, but to the douchebag it was a very big deal. Yes, you have a filming permit, but you do not own the city. I do.

To sound arrogant in that last part, kind of, subtracts from the seriousness of this next part, but this is very serious. In Los Angeles, these days, you will not be able to tell the difference between the movie cops and the real cops. The movie cops carry guns too, but they also abducted me from the west side of Los Angeles a few weeks ago. The uniforms, the facility, the vehicles, the everything looks like real police. If you are wondering why they would go to such an extent to do such a thing, then you are an asshole because you already know. Everyone knew except me until now. The problem I am having is the violence.

...brb
