# High Pressure Sodium

One day I suggested to a friend that I may have a near perfect memory. He asked why. After describing to him about how deep my feelings are in any conversation, the recollection of those emotions are what allowed me to remember them so well. The suggestion, then, was that my memory might be _audiographic_ as opposed to _photographic_. That still does not seem accurate because the music that I listen to has an opinion on this as well.

This is a very serious story, and of course, there is anxiety that comes from my desire to tell you _all_ of it by memory. The sequence of events that took place is sorted by when the significant parts occur relative to one another. As I loop through the places I have been in the last two years, I see how easily it would be to lose track because I was in Chicago for three visits, Los Angeles for at least two, Indianapolis for a few days, Cincinnati a couple of nights, Salt Lake City for about five or seven days, and then back to the city I lived as a child. There is much to tell you. Rather than start in Madison, where the realities of this world began to show itself, its best to tell you about that place on Maplewood & North.

I just got off the California Zephyr in Chicago. The weather was nice. There were fluffy white clouds in the sky and I was listening to Kanye West when I decided on a taxicab over the usual Internet variety. There was this fresh feeling as if I just escaped some pit of despair because of my arrest in Salt Lake City, the supposed mix-up at the airport again, and my imagination trying to understand that small earthquake in the Valley just before I left.

The driver dropped me off, I grabbed some weed at a dispensary, bought a copy of the Chicago Tribune, and made my way to Milwaukee Avenue for a place to go. I had enough money to buy myself dinner, but instead, I sat on the sidewalk and rolled a joint. The front page of the paper, that day, told a story about this thing called _Operation Legend_. Apparently, the federal government made some changes that had people worried. What worried me was the story that journalist told about a guy in a traffic stop that was charged with some gun crime, but the feeling I got was that it was a set-up.

Russ was not there to meet me that night, nor was he for more than a week. I was pretty upset with him because of that, but we still talk. I mean, as of now, he is the only friend I have and that is a little scary considering how happy I was with all the friends and family I had my entire life. Him and I almost got an apartment together, but he weirded me out enough one day that I decided against it. That was a difficult choice because of how much distance I wanted between myself and my family. This is how the adventure started in Chicago that resembled the chase in Los Angeles that you will eventually read about in these essays. Unless, of course, you prefer to believe what you have already heard.

On Milwaukee Avenue there is this restaurant called Sea and Olive. Russ took me there once and I really liked it. When I was there it felt like that was where I was supposed to be. The first time there, Russ and I sat at the bar, and down the way, was a man that looked like he was the kind of guy that called the shots. To be real, he looked g af. We maybe made eye contact once, but the vibe he had told me I was alright. That is why I always went back there and that is where I was headed after I got up off the sidewalk from reading the paper.

...brb
