# How To

Learning to sail a vessel requires a dilated perception of time and its utility - the movement through space, and the shadow of illumination.

Imagine the wall clock at your giant boyfriend's house that you removed from the wall and placed on a glass table. As you admire the artist's design, the distribution of Roman numerals, around the clock's circumference, encourages your love for reason that invites your imagination into the world of logic. This world is where you can search for the knowledge and a spirit to understand the choices made by the original architect of time.

The laws of nature cause the glass table to reflect the sounds of the clock. They tick slightly louder than you can remember. For a moment, you dream about the center of our temporal reality. Memories of concept are the art materials brought to Earth. This canvas is a special sequence of infinities. The destination renders a location in time just for you. Did you not wonder? Is curiosity not a question? Is a question asked without the desire for an answer? Does an answer not provide completion?

The glass is now the sea. The numerals are now the horizon. For you, myself, and the reader, we are now sailing a boat, at sea, and your giant boyfriend suddenly feels closer. However close he may feel, you cannot see him on this sailboat. Concepts of proximity seem different and that is a troubling thought regarding time, but you wonder. If a single proof in nature fades into its counterexample, then the total logical construct conceived by humans will collapse unless redeemed with _the truth_.

Moments that are _referred_ to as seconds, or that are _defined_ as hours, or _recorded_ as days are enhanced. Are references, definitions, and recordings not of the same paradigm? Would you include your personal memories on that list for just the same reason? If memories are the arbiters of truth, then would you include conceivable ideas, of future and of past, together into the present? Is presence now? Where are you? Is it emotional?

If one lunar arch across the night sky can represent one full unit of measurement, then this explains precisely what human observation is - a measurement. You can try to count the minutes until sunset or count the hours of the moon along its path, but how can you prove a constant speed across that path? If the observation of any rate of travel can be asymptotic or exponential, are they opposites? Would a more accurate opposition to these two be something resembling a constant? If something is never constant, then would everything in its superposition be both asymptotic and exponential simultaneously? If time is a misunderstanding of nature, then what?

Our enhancement we feel, then, can only serve our imaginations. This grants us utility of a _conceptual_ moment. Perhaps, you may begin to see this as anticipation or as desire. If anticipation is an emotion, and all emotion is based in love, then this reveals a new perspective of time. For us to look ahead towards the horizon or look forward to a new day is an anticipation to be alive.

The observation of the moon in orbit is the catalyst to all human intellectual effort. This is to say that, without comparison, we learn nothing. With only the stars and the moon, what can we learn, then, on your sailboat? If the moon has inconsistencies about its orbit, then how have we taught ourselves truth? The only truth is God, our only constant. For this, _is_ the human condition - a timeless observation with only one comparison to find truth. Perhaps the embrace of uncertainty should be cherished because two can live in a peaceful embrace protected only by their awareness of God.

At sea, nature anxiously waits for your choice. When you meet her there, she requests your consideration of her endless corridors that are provided for the wonders of your imagination. Where are you sailing to? If your main sail is not full of wind, then you might be _in irons_ and drifting with no direction home. These endless corridors of the sea all point towards the circumference of your giant boyfriend's clock. They are the hands of his clock at any position in time. As his hands rotate the day, they complete one rotation for the sun and one rotation for the moon. The space his hands rotate through are infinitely divisible by the moments of your life.

To be wealthy is to have a choice. On your sailboat at the center of his wall clock, you are drifting _in irons_, but you need to choose one of those positions where his hands can reach. The choice is yours, but the positions are his domain. Please know that, if you desire a release from this excessive choice, then you might find comfort in knowing that the elements in nature have intent. They encourage your powers of observation and if they bring despair, remember that the truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.

You are on your sailboat with no land on the horizon. As you look up, the numerals of the wall clock appear on the horizon of the Earth. You are left with two celestial bodies in space, your worldly existence, and a spiritual presence that you call love. You can learn how to how to sail, but the ocean and the wind and the stars are available for everyone. That truth is real. If the moon was only for you, would you live in that moment with him?

. . .

For myself, the relentless desire to succeed by _any means necessary_, brought me all that I could hope for. The splendor of my potential was joy. I kept working to build my home on the mountain. All anxieties felt throughout my life moved out. The vacancies of null invited _no such thing_ to move in, but then I woke up. Introspection had no intruding sadness and yesterday's sense of impending doom was now only a pile of my bones. Beyond that initialization, my internal process began behaving in strange and unexpected ways that were difficult to understand. The vacancies of null are the rooms of my castle. My castle doors have no locks and were closed, but for a moment, there was a shroud over my eyes and something mysterious happened. After the eviction of _no such thing_, the shroud was removed and the angels of heaven occupied their spaces. Like you, I am now at sea with only my sailboat of intuition, the choices of nature, and the winds of God.

In my dreams, stood my castle on the mountain. Through closed and unlocked doors crept _no such thing_, but then I woke up to my odyssey and the conflagration. I woke up with my passion for completion and the preference for balance. I woke up to my visions of light and the illusions of shadow. I woke up to my pursuit of happiness and the road to salvation.

I promise. I'll come home. Meet me there.

https://open.spotify.com/track/4qyfir5Yr7nfo05g6cyFMT?si=9397b404e8a64e71
