# How to Two

Being genuinely polite is the engineer that reminds you about the state their application is in while they are in it. Being superficially intelligent is the application that reminds you about the state their engineer is in while they are in it.

Upon refresh, a convenient list of the most common authentication strategies is there for your configuration for two apparent reasons. The first is attributed to the best practice we were told to rely on like the requirement to change your password every three months or ninety days.

The team that built the application that met their deadline the year the federal government made a slight change in how they were going to loan you money. One neat trick an engineer of that team shared with me was their well-presented configuration to _opt out_ of the mandatory requirement to change your password. If I recall correctly, the application asked me not long after I mentioned the desire to do so when the help I provided on a survey like the ones I refused to participate in at the conclusion of _almost_ every course I took in college. That was my policy I stood firm on until those developers asked me.

That day the birds lived to sing another song because two people learned from each other and that example now stands for the rest of the world. Who could have foreshadowed an opportunity to be civil was taken with just the right amount of thought that struck a chord resolving a musical sequence that brought a sense of finality along with feelings similar to what closure might feel like for others? The lesson from that realization is unsurprisingly simple as well because we were taught this same lesson once before. Was there any effort to learn something that first time or was the inclination to always do the opposite of what we are told as children tilting at a rate that angles in balance with age or your time on earth.

Admitedly, I am still _terrible_ at following through with these types of requests. I guess this makes me slightly foolish assuming the one sample I have worked out how we planned and never used to gain momentum on a slight-of-suggestion, but my terrible follow through in that game of catch is mainly due to me being warmed up for the game tonight while I wait for you to catch up. You see, this slight-of-suggestion is like some of the _best practices_ we learn early on as developers. I guess my steadfast reluctance to tell you how I feel about your work formally and for the record in amplified live stream with all my peers sitting in the front row is still has something overlooked if you thought of any further consequence completely outside anything you would notice inside your world of you. Think of this like the chat room where people just immediately feel like they can just pick there nose in their car as if the crystal clear glass around them is anything but a curtain. Those with tinted windows these days gives me a better idea of what is really going on behind that unappreciated work of art you are driving. You know, all those cars of mine I let all of you drive. Who thought they could plunder that parking lot I was storing them in? This is not a test.

...brb
