My name is Michael. I am thirty-eight years old born on January fourth, nineteen eighty-three. My height is 5'6''. I weigh, approximately 150 pounds. I have darker hair that is not black and more brown. My eyes are green. I wear glasses. I have two tattoos. I smoke cigarettes that I enjoy, but do not because they are bad for me and they smell awful. As a kid, I ate too much and was fat. I have a small scar on my face where a dimple should go. You can see the scar today because it is end of winter and I am not fat anymore. I crack my knuckles when I can.

In the middle of a conversation, I stare up into the sky waiting for Jesus. This is typical of me, but my eyes just naturally go that direction outdoors. Most of my life, I felt like a dork, but the last ten years, I have been a tough guy. I really have been a guy that is tough. You will not get me to punch you, but you will get me to ask you questions. I love life more than I know, but I have grown tired of being tough. When I feel this way, I think about war. For me, those were the tough guys because the fighting made them tired and the thought of fighting made them more tired. They did not seem tired in the stories we share. That is why I have been a tough-guy lately. I do not prefer the tough-guy state-of-mind for myself, but I think Jesus does. This is what I know from the words of the bible, all the books.

Since I am a world famous influencer, and since this happened quickly, I apologize if you observed some of my life when I was not expecting any visitors. You see, I grew up thinking I was just like all of you. I thought I had privacy. I thought I had a family. I thought I had memories. I thought I had a hometown. Did you all know that I was unaware of this bizarre observation of myself until last year? Yes, I figured it out by myself and _supposedly_ that was the intention of many others to set me free. If so, thanks because you are almost there. What I figured out is still a mystery, but why do I have the feeling that there has been a camera on me my entire life and I did not know about it? Is it because God told me or is it because I told me? I know you did not tell me. No human tells me anything.

...brb
