# The Elephant Slide

My bank accounts were never married, but we lived together in a small city about one hundred miles north of Chicago on Howard Ave. Just next door was a childcare center oddly named Kids Corner, but it was spelled with a "K" instead of a "C". The spelling is much weirder to me now, but maybe I can talk about that a different time. Both my bank accounts had first-shift jobs so one of them would walk me to the corner, drop me off, and wave goodbye as she headed to work at The First Wisconsin Building, downtown. Those days it was mainly occupied by a mid-level investment company called, Baird, and still stands as the tallest building in that city today.

Sometimes I would cry when my bank account, named C-Money, would wave goodbye in the morning. The reason for crying is just as any other kid would at that young age before grade school. It did not last long, but I guess we just do that when you are attached to something you thought you loved. The other bank account of mine had a job too. His name was Ramona and he drove a garbage truck for a company.

It was Ramona's responsibility, one morning, to drop me off at the corner. He waved goodbye, but that day I didn't cry like usual. The morning routine carried on, but this weird suspicion that something was off began to manifest into this introverted frame-of-mind that was not too common for me as a child. I was always very playful and willing to talk to others and, in those days, I had no problem exploring the neighborhood alone. However, that morning I felt retracted into myself in a way that did not require seclusion from the other kids, but rather evoked this impending sense of doom or even blurry premonition. That afternoon, on the playground, I discovered that my intuition was correct.

As mentioned before, our duplex was right next to the childcare center. From the playground outside one could see into the first floor windows of our living room. Ramona did not go to work that day. He was laying on the couch of our living room with the television on eating chips and dip. For a moment, the painful thoughts of confusion sank in and the reality of my existence was, once again, reveled to me in that moment. Did Ramona prefer a day alone to rest? What was the reason for this? Were we not a family? Was that day of childcare already paid for or was he actually willing to hand over the cash to relieve himself from the responsibility of taking care of me?

It was summer and that meant the window was open. This meant he could hear me if I called out to him. I vividly remember doing so, while on that playground, and it was if he was expecting it. In other words, he could hear the children outside, he knew the window was open, and he did not turn his head nor respond to my call. The second call through that window worked, but it was just a vocal response with no visual attention taken from that television. It hurt much more to call out a third time because he never got up off that couch. There were no tears from that kind of sadness, but the overwhelming reality that my bank accounts had an agenda of their own led me towards the blue plastic elephant slide on the playground. That is when my wonder transformed my elephant into a spaceship and the countdown began for lift off.

This may seem depressing for you, but what the world may not understand is how _no such thing_ always seemed to find a way to take up too much space in my life. I guess what I am trying to say is I think my bank accounts are somehow not good people. If I am wrong, then alright, but let me ask you this. Why do I suddenly feel this way?

Somehow no such thing is everywhere, but I think many of you know this by now, or at least, can sense it. Something changed in this world, but do I want to know? I might have to. In fact, not knowing is against my beliefs. We must maintain the truth. I have to know what is going on here in this world because, if I do not, then we are all in serious trouble with everything, mostly God.

. . .

One time I did skids on my bike from the gravel. One time I found these aluminum bars and pretended to be strong when I bent them. One time I threw a huge boulder in the mailbox and I think I saw him find it. One time I was sunburned so bad I had blisters. One time I found the warp on Mario. One time faked like I was sick and then actually got sick. One time I was so sick I felt like I was hallucinating. One time I lied and said I was in karate. One time I should have bought the 2-Liter and bought the 20oz instead. One time I did almost all the things on Wind Waker except the last boss. One time I never lost at Goldeneye. One time my friend and I built a low-rider bicycle. One time someone took a picture of me riding an elephant and wearing a baseball uniform. One time I found a tunnel in the snow banks. One time I made jewelery out of speaker wire. One time I wish I went to summer camp. One time all the kids used my ramp. One time I had an actual ninja star. One time I read every word of my Thrasher magazine. One time I spent all my money from my first job on all the Led Zeppelin albums. One time I forgot to rewind. One time I fell asleep to the radio. One time I filled out a draft card. One time I mailed it. One time I messed up so bad at work some one had to get a new car. One time I grew weed in my apartment. One time my car was stolen. One time I was never late for work. One time I waited to get into the ballpark before it opened. One time I stripped the main halyard. One time I cut the grass every week in a spiral. One time I made the Deans list four times. One time I had an apartment in Los Angeles. One time everyone liked my shoes. One time I watched my team win it all. One time I was late for a job interview. One time I had a remote-controlled airplane. One time I sold weed. One time my friends house was shut down from only a party in college, by the cops. One time I swore to never drink again then did. One time I saw my friends get married in Mexico. One time I was watching tv and did not hear the phone ring. One time I almost did a nose slide, but hit a nail and wiped out. One time I got on the board in my first surfing lesson. One time I biked almost fifty miles. One time I ran a half-marathon in under two hours in Madison. One time I ran a half-marathon in Los Angeles in over two hours. One time I was number one on Tinder. One time I stopped listening to music. One time I got my music on Spotify. One time I had a black and white iPhone. One time I lived in two different apartments in the same building. One time I liked driving to work everyday. One time I left $0.01 in an investment account. One time I got recruited off LinkedIn and then got fired right away. One time I mentored a kid in Madison. One time I chose not to get cable for my apartment. One time I was able to buy everyone in my family a Christmas gift. One time I did not. One time I learned how to wear nicer clothes. One time I had a motorcycle. One time I got a GED. One time I got a bachelors degree. One time I drove a fork lift. One time I worked in construction. One time I worked in insurance. One time I worked in tech.
