# The Artistic Identity

For all of history, including everyone waiting for heaven, know these words to be a center. If two angels sing a song in the same moment, then the artistic identity of man would be a message across the river that stands like a wall between the call and the mountains.

If the language of discrete math provides clarity, then to have never studied this kind of math is unfortunate because I have not. Look at its nature. Are there infinite places-of-rest or is there a countdown? What are those moments tessellating lift off? A number system with infinitely divisible spaces has _PI_, and _e_, and _i_. If these locations, rather than anything else, could describe the area of a circle, then what can they tell us about our identities? To clarify, consider the following.

Imagine a number system that resembles the dollar, but the only way to use the change was if the thing cost $0.99 or fewer. There are no cents to be priced for things $1.00 or more. Imagine an hour glass. Imagine the sands. Imagine you know the number. Is the number even or odd? If odd, then that is the artistic identity. Counting out from the middle would give you the first odd count of one and then label the other grains of sand going the other direction with the even numbers just for fun. Since the total number of grains is not an even number, then you have an imbalance unless the hour glass turns the other way. What if zero was the center grain of sand and always hovered in the middle. With walls of glass no additional grains may be added, but could a grain of sand break into two? The meniscus of sand would drop slightly, but at a limit approaching zero. Grains of sand can be at least a cube or a three-sided pyramid. Would this place be all cubes or all three-sided pyramids? A limit would exist if and only if the size of each was the same. If only one of the other shaped grain was there, then zero is still the approach implying there is no limit. What if the one not like the other was labeled as that zero position? Would you want there to be? Would you choose no limit?

A literal meniscus is found with water. To have a meniscus means gravity is subtracting from the space that is holding the water apart in a way that pushes itself up the sides of a cup. What if that was the measurement of the sides of the cup pushing back on the water? What if that measurement also included the pressure of the atmosphere? Does a meniscus level change if you can control the evaporation? If there is no evaporation, is there an atmosphere? A meniscus probably exists with enough sand. There probably is a meniscus of the sands in space because there is one here on earth. Space must be like water and you could probably sail a boat on it. Also this might say that the universe has its own gravitational pull.

Turning the hour glass to start and watching the third and fourth sands pass through the neck of the bottle and then removing the glass from your imagination is how I see the artistic identity. Imagine, then, an infinity symbol drawn by you. Do both loops have the same area? If not, then that is how I see it as well. The spinning top is spinning off a table on another spinning top. They are spinning off each other. That is also how I see the artistic identity. If artists like us had an artistic identity like that, then what would yours look like? If you could imagine all that I asked, then would you say that we all have the same aesthetic nature?

. . .

Your measurement or estimated location of the center of a spinning top will have no opposite because a true opposite would leave most dualities at rest. Does this seem to suggest that the force of entropy would be like hitting a baseball twice because you could use the initial momentum of your swing to help you around, catch the flipping bat, and put a second spin on the ball. What are saber-metrics with that new look?

For one ballpark only, take the distance hit by every ball and linear regression will draw a line of best fit along a curve, but it is a circle. For those that know about it, my question is this. Can we say the identity of baseball could be to superimpose those 32 circles. A graphic interchange format, GIF, will show a movement in space between the curves. That must say something. A lens to find that pattern is the effect the spin of the Earth may have on some kind of distribution of those numbers. This is along with the seasons starting from the first nine innings ever recorded.

As those superimposed curves move with the baseball seasons, then the return to the original shape from where we are now is almost like a stethoscope for the Earth. Is baseball now back to being the time keeper? Does a comparison with the pitching clock do anything for us? If it regresses to zero, then who's ass do I have to kick because I think it does. What if the pitching clock neutralized the effect time has on the earth? Do not forget to normalize the data so that home plate is the center of the Earth. That way you can skip the 32 teams and use all of them. Did it regress to no movement when you only took all hits following the introduction of the pitching clock? That would be a better sample for that test.

If there is meaning in the comparison normalized on Earth to one park at home, then what does that pyramid look like for all 32 parks again? What if the diamond was a square because the choice of any location on earth might require home plate to be normalized to your location? You can serialize this with a complication of four or more locations, and even further when that movement is understood. This is infinitely bound. Entropy in this model is the cube we wrap around Earth. There then are six locations on Earth, at any given time, that cannot have a ballpark. This is because Earth inside of the best fitting jeans it can find that just happens to be a perfect cube. The theory of wobble has north and true north to make up for this.

Anyways these are a pair of yoga pants earth is wearing cause that is sexier. Those jeans from before are now yoga pants. Just imagine the ones that Earth wears. A perfect cube would be the key to that consideration. The six areas carved out is something worth communicating in art.
