# The First Arrest

Perhaps I have looked into the eyes of evil once before, but it was everywhere in Madison. This story story with the scene where I started narrating my own story. After driving around the capital building once or twice there were a few cars parked a way that made sense to me so I parked next to them. I was so upset about the 9-1-1 call that I found relief in a moment when I backed my car up to the steps of the capital building and laid it out for all of you bad guys. There was temptation to get out of my car, or listen to music, but I just started telling it like it was. If anyone gave it up, it was the city where I went to college. I left for California and three years later the place was as if they were waiting for me to leave.

As best as I can remember, this all happened on one night. The day was spent in the library on the shore of Lake Mendota. Helen C. White was the name of the building, but we called it College Library. On the second floor, and also the third, maybe the fourth, there are large windows that let you look over the lake. If you were early enough, you could sit next to one of them as you studied. The lighting is good and the second floor even has a computer lab. I worked out of that library and my car for a few weeks, but to do so was as difficult because they made it that way.

On the way to the gas station I drove by the desk I leased out of the co-working space on West Washington Ave. This is a few blocks down from Capital Square. This was winter. This was the co-location center for AT&T and this was across the street from a tech company called Info Sec. The city now had this conservative tech vibe.

At the gas station I was confused by the apparent event that was happening across the street from my office. A few people in tuxedos got out of their cars for gas when the event let out. I watched them as they entered the store, got what they needed and left. A few people stayed as if they were waiting with me for the crowd to disperse. A gentleman in a vehicle parked along the side of the lot and away from the pumps got my attention. In fact, I think I asked him for a cigarette. He gave me two. We smoked one together and I asked him what was going on with the event. I asked him in a way that told him I was concerned. He seemed to really know, but did not have the place to tell me. We talked some more and he gave me a bible verse to read. I lost the piece of paper I wrote it down on. In particular, I complained about how much different that bar, Mickeys, felt as an example of why I thought everything changed.

Later that night I was there and I can remember trying as hard as possible to fit in and pretend it was all just a dream. At the library that day, I had to decide what was the truth based on the way my permissions were set with my wisc.edu account. Why do I even still have an active .edu email anyways. The Microsoft License looks legit by its description regarding alumni status or something. The University of Wisconsin-Madison sent me an email informing me of a nomination for a grant and some prestiges recognition. According to the University, the email was a mistake. I did not believe them. The chancellor got her hand-written note with my phone numbers delivered by myself regarding the mistaken email. I looked into it more and found out that I was able to create a position for myself at the university and the vibe I got from the user interface was that it was encouraged. Prior to that I did not know if I had missed an email from one of the jobs at the school I applied for. There was an insurance policy number. There was form templates for taxes. I filled out a few of the forms and. because of the awarded grant, I thought I suddenly was an employee. In the middle of all this my identity was being stolen so I thought this was a way the university was handling it. I was worried it was the weekend.

After learning this was a mistake, I talked with the insurance rep that I made a claim with and she was interested how this happened. The most confusing thing she left me with was that she said they did not have a policy with the University of any kind. That really threw me, but what almost knocked me out was when the guy at the bar sat next to me, introduced himself, and said he just got a job at the university. Kids, is this a good guy or a bad guy? We talked a bunch and went out back for a smoke. He had some weed. We smoked that too. I got really high and he reminded me it was from California. He seemed to know exactly what was happening to me and said they were pissed that I got over their wall. I asked if it was because of curl and he said yes. I believed him.

The bartender knew I was high and refused me another beer. I pouted in the corner when it seemed someone threw my Thinkpad on the table and somehow they got it out of my car. I picked it up, the battery fell out and that is when I wondered how integrated, with radio, all our devices were. I left the bar and told the bartender to fuck off by writing "netstat" on the bar napkin as I left.

I think what he really meant was `wall` instead of `curl`. That is when I went off the chains. In my mind I suddenly able to send an outbound message to every computer connected to mine, but they could not respond. Imagine that. Imagine being able to talk to the whole world. Imagine being able to talk shit to every espionage agency on the planet. That is what it felt like then it got old.

As excited as anyone would be about finally being able to save the princess except you had no idea who she was. I was so excited that I must have wanted more chocolate milk so I went to the grocery store. There some kids stole my computer out of my bag so I called the cops, yo. The 9-1-1 operator got everything I could think of regarding my identity. I felt like, for the first time in a while, I was on an actual public line that was being recorded. On your iPhone you can activate the emergency mode and make a call to anyone in your designate as an emergency contact. That is how I got through to 9-1-1, so I thought. I mean, I think I did, but wtf. The cops showed up, wrote down some random complaint number. I got back in my car and there was my computer. I mean, the cop asked me if I may have just left it in there. How did she know it would have been?

This is where I backed up to the capital steps and started my first fireside chat. It was quiet. I was up on a hill. I could see down a about one third of the hill. At the bottom, cars were rounding the corners as I spoke and I could tell by their movements that they could hear what I was saying. I may have even thought it and you heard me. That was when the state patrol showed up. I rolled down my window. He rolled down his and said, "What are you doing here?". I said, "Im just thinking outloud.". He said, "You cannot park here". I said "Alright". That is when I left.

Check this out. There was a hotel across the way and the people in it looked like tourists. They all looked like a hotel full of tourists here for the same event as if it were the Olympics. I got currious. I walked in and sat in the lobby and looked around. It was early morning. The sun rose. A bigger guy sat across from me but where he could see me and he kept poking at his tablet. I got very curious about that and he did not seem to budge the closer I got to him. Otherwise he was really scared. The artwork told me the story of you all. The bicycle statue, the Lake Mendota piece with that map theme to it. The chained up Thinkpads in the only hotel of the city. They seemed European. The one guy walked in to ask the desk when the tours started. I jumped into that conversation hoping to get something out of it. Not much so I sat down and had breakfast. They might remember when I thought it would be interesting to start looking for patterns of flight manifests to see if I could find where you were coming from.

Not much was had from that other than major suspicion. When Madison finally arrested me for taking that computer out of the library I had to get my car out of the tow yard. I got it out, but could not get gas from the place where the man gave me that bible scripture. I was driving to the east side, and after snapping a picture of the Illinois license plate, I hoped back into my car and headed east. East Washington was where I found another station on that Isthmus, but on the way there I was thinking about the place I found tucked way behind the tow yard. It was a place of business called StrandX and they had a building address of 1617. I got gas, but could not resist the urge to stay in Madison, so I did.

There was a cab ride at one point and the driver and I talked and she was nice enough to tell me she did not have enough gas to make it through a traffic jam of the freeway. I remembered and had enough to get to Milwaukee one day in a blizzard. The belly of the beast was that capital building and the meeting I was lured into. On the second floor I walked around, took a photograph of a sign and continued to explore. At the end of some narrow hallway, a man peaked around the corner, got my attention, and asked if I was looking for the meeting of some name I forgot. I said yes and went.

In this meeting was a representative of each industry in this state, a younger man, and a device. When I almost fell asleep I was aware this was a play of some kind. The younger man sitting to my starboard and behind me was scribbling down a string of numbers, further starboard was a woman attending a larger device placed on the chair next to her. It had two metal antennas out at opposing angles. I stopped the meeting, asked about the device, gave them the benefit of the doubt, and left. In the hallway, I stared down the politician. He got angry and stepped outside. I asked to speak to the federal government. He said no and went back inside. Another man stepped outside as backup. He went back in to the meeting and that is when I was on my knees praying. If it was before I said that prayer, then fine, but I left. The blizzard continued and the wrong way around the square I went until I found my car. That is when I felt like I just jumped on the best horse around and charged out of there.

The snow built up and became unsafe to drive, but I could see the plow truck a few miles ahead. The traffic between the truck and myself was slowing down. I was at the end speeding up. In the third lane I went with the emergency lights on and took up half the middle lane. All the cars had no choice but to get out of the way. I got by the final car, around the truck, and spun into more confusion. If there was ever a moment I was cool it was that ride on my horse as I charged all the way to the city.
