# The Mirage

One night in Los Angeles, California I could not find fault in myself nor the reader, but the next day I began to realize that I am you and reality reached the next stratum. My friend, Emily, showed me much of Los Angeles when I first arrived and I will never forgot what she taught me about the trees. Imagine every kind of tree growing here.

If trees could be links in the shine of a filament, then one The shadows moved with the wind as I was resting in the light from the sun. They seemed like they were talking to me, but then something strange happened. I became afraid of what they could be saying and then the shadows disappeared before my eyes. Please know that if I had to define what I saw, for now it is an apparition, but was it an apparition because of what it said or because the shadows disappeared then faded to black?

The next moment brought me to my feet as no such thing pulled up a vehicle in a line of cars at a red light. On the horizon of the dessert was a woman applying lipstick or gloss to her lips that cast an image through the glass of her car window that was a reflection of light that arrived through another layer of glass rear window. I knew it probably was not a cigarette she was smoking, but I wanted her to be. This new energy has brought attention and that attention has left room in my reasoning for new ideas and considerations. In crept no such thing and that lured me into traffic to lean in only inches from the passenger door window. I tried to talk to no such thing, but when I recognized the mirage, I turned to observe the world to my left and there was a another vehicle with red and blue lights. This machine chirped a terrifying sound and began to apprehend me by the words of no such thing. I asked who these words were restraining my hands behind my back and placing me in a cell without the words of my God. The representation of the police had guns, shiny badges, and another machine parked in a way that requested compliment on its form. I fulfilled the request at gun point as I observed a holstered weapon on all four bodies of all four representations of the police. They abducted me to this place with unlocked doors and mirrors.

Their machine transported me to a concrete slab and rested in motion alongside another machine of similar form that was labeled with a shield with the initialism, "USC". This was alarming considering the machined I was locked inside did not have the namespace, Los Angeles. If those machines are there to protect and serve, then why do the machines boast this false objective? The facility of machines has one bench with a mirrored surface, cold to the touch, that was bolted to the floor, but there was no baseball game in the mirrors I was shackled between. Light bounced around me, light bounced off of me, and light bounced through me with three distractions: the foot-traffic in my peripheral visions, the reflections of the mirrored surfaces, and the questions from the refracted shadows.

The traffic of people on foot drove along the one and only corridor inside the facility and rounded a corner as if I was on the street corner they abducted me from. As I observed the traffic on foot, less than one third were marked squad cars. One squad car, wearing only their underwear and shoes, violently commanded me to turn around and look at myself in the mirror despite the train-wreck-of-a-man dousing me with his modified headlamps shouting a false RSVP.

As moments passed, I cried without tears as the jailers went through my property and separated my tools into containers of their chosen category, including my student Bible in that red suitcase that I did not see until release. A sheep in wolves clothing lured me into grabbing the main sheet of a boat with an unfamiliar jib in a storm that was in irons. In other words, if they still bend good-cop-bad-cop on suspected prey, then this was the _bad actor_ in that process.

I thought about Eve and I tried to think of my work. My friend, Justin, was on this path with Eve in my imagination. They blazed some paths and followed some others to study at a library in Santa Monica. Each with their own empty chair facing them bringing the total to four chairs, one woman, and one man and a square table with area equaling four humans. The chairs had cushions that slid across the tile as if the two materials were paired for that reason. Eve switched positions to face Adam. From the chair to her port, she hopped over to ask. She loved the one he loved to share about the _bilateral human form_. This story was especially for her, he thought one day before the California we knew and before he knew her. Adam brought his arms taut as he maintained them parallel with the horizon. He often did this to measure hunger by the momentum he could privately observe by any vibration. The Key of David draped across his knuckles of the one hand. On the other hand, was Eve. She held her hands out like his. Their four hands barely touched. As Adam began to speak and as _The Score_ began to spin, Eve pictured a pair of keys and a pair of rings.

The breath of Eve brought new life into the air then Adam smelled the sea. Pleasant memories of their relationship surfaced and the salt in the air was sweet. He picked up the record sleeve to acknowledge _The Score_ as the stylus crossed a line of delineation and sailed onto the next moment at 10:29, temporally, and, numerically, track nine. The perfume that Eve cries lives within the subconscious of the first man to walk on canvas. Adam can hear the echoes that the taste of her body moves for him. Imagine having any thought when the sound of a woman singing for you across the river is the only form not in representation of the most beautiful sound to ever walk on canvas.

If somebody wrote the first name of the first woman on Earth next to an enunciation of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Would Christmas Eve mean something more to you? Are you feeling a mixture of optimism and embarrassment too? Did you feel optimistic first or second? Either way, do you feel better?
