# No Last Question

This particular account starts with my Russian friend, Ruslan. He found me at this temporary place in Chicago on North Ashland Avenue. Still, to this day, I think he was a spy. Do not be alarmed by this. "You KGB fuck", I would sometimes say to him in jest, but for fun, check this out.

Russ and I walked around Chicago together and there was something about him that told me he was on a mission of some kind. I mean, it was almost as if he was tasked to show me the city. One afternoon him and I shared lunch together, but what I really liked about him was how he liked to share his food. There is a particular kind of emotion that comes from sharing and giving. I could tell that Russ was the same way. It was not just food he shared, it was also bits and pieces of culture that I very much needed and missed over the years. I was lacking more than I thought. Russ knew that. Russ stuck around until he felt confident I was back to normal. Russ likes boxing and he loves Mike Tyson. If not for this kind of friendship, I may have never snapped out of the cultural trance I was caught in.

Russ is my height and has a Russian accent, but he looks Asian. He said he grew up in Chicago, but the accent tells me that he spent some time over seas. This kind of loyalty and respect was something that I missed from my friends in Los Angeles. Assuming Russ was sent by someone or assuming he acted on his own, I could sense that he actually cared. There was a lot of patience on his part.

If you ever watched the movie, Stand By Me, you might remember that scene with the train. Do you remember when Vern lost his comb and had to take it slow across those tracks by crawling on his knees? If you pay close attention, you'll notice that Denny stayed behind him the whole time despite the impending danger of the train that was surely going to run them off the tracks to certain death. Denny was there to push him forward and never left him. The other half of the crew yelled towards them encouraging them to hurry to safety. That is the kind of loyalty and friendship that I value more than any other in life because I will tell you that a man cannot survive without that kind of love for your brother. This is the way I wish we all were with each other once again. I firmly believe that this lack of brotherly love is the cause of many of the world's problems. Here in the states, it seems a lot of people forgot this lesson.

. . .

I was kicked out of the Airbnb, that Russ and I shared, for smoking weed. I quickly found another. After about a week in this new place, there was a knock on my door. I opened it and and there was this other reality. It was wearing this weird makeup and dressed in, what looked like they had to leave the house. I reached for this brown paper bag after it floated two feet up in this space that existed between my reality and the one knocking at my door. This reality handed me a single poison donut. After thanking this reality for its output, I closed the door that plunged the source of that drift.

I paged through a book that shined some light on the figures of speech we seem to rely on to _actually_ communicate. Maybe in that book someone should take that phrase to the third level and see if you could find figures of speech in all communication mediums. Is the phrase not, in and of itself, a figure of speech. It would look figuratively hyperbolic or figuratively parabolic? The first one you imagine is true and also has its dimensional other. Areas of music and cinema are mediums of communication and there you find.

Maybe observation has a relationship with preservation because what if there was a way we could use figures of speech to keep track of the tessellation that shines a life? If moments were what you loved the most, then would figures of speech be the habit of saying the same thing every time you heard something that sounded like it should be a title. Have you ever heard a combination of words and thought it would sound like a great band name? Would those words look like a band name? If speech has figures, then any conceivable representation of this is a set of mediums we call communication. If communication is a form of light would that form have figures? We it be a figure instead. Maybe I can call this collection of essays, _Figures of Light_. What if the law of conservation titled my book _Figures of Art_. Would those two be in the same reality?. Is there overlap?

I need a cool band name like, _Figures of Speech_. _Silicon Beach_ ought to show a similar effort as those guys, but fuck those guys! Maybe we all are hot and cool at the same time.

If there was anything silicon or organic that entropy threw my way, then that game of catch needs no ask. The baseball is returned, but that special relationship it contains is a duality that seems to require a factor of entropy. If that is true, then is that pair of counterexamples? On the one hand if entropy is required for concept and on the other hand if entropy is all there is. If you do the hokey pokey and turn yourself around, then that's what it's all about - figures in dance. If you believe in plane speaking or plane talk, then I might say the love for my creator is a natural desire to add to the knowledge panel of humanity.

The second counterexample is dialed to the same level of my book. I owe it to you, myself, and the reader a free argument exemplifying or representing the bare minimum effort it takes to find for you some futility in maintaining the source of truth. One of my favorite observational measurements I would like to mention is the anti-pattern in numbers with the division of three parts of 10. One, two chimes then three remaining something else. If love asked me what it was, I would say, "love, you are something else" and that's it.

If the labor I am required as punishment for that apple, then would some square root plowed from the ground leave a trace in its space? Would art let me represent the limit in all mathematical infinites? If functional programming was a process that made sub-processes, then, with virtue, consider the following words. This is the moment of the last question.

```text
Is that enough proof for you, God, you for proof enough that is?

Is that enough proof for myself, God, myself for proof enough that is?

. . .

Is that enough proof for the reader, God, the reader for proof enough that is?
```

If a scientist drops a coin rolling down an inverted spinning top, then the coin is a sail boat mapping the shape of the other side. The surface of its _other_ would be a table top with a spinning boat in irons. If the boat in irons should capsize, then the flawless movement of the top-coin duality is sealed by possibilities of the two results namely in its compound name.

Does your intuition tell you that heaven provides balance to our world? If it was a temptation, then in slow motion you could see an objective truth in any device to observe weights and measures. Objective truth of the shape of the inside of the spinning top looks like it could facilitate a coin down the path it carves out of time. What did one snowman say to the other snowwoman? Nice carrot.

Would space be space, before a perceived loss of state within a functionally programmed application, and need context to manage the wire or is React 16.8 enough for this book as an example. Does a change in state require null? Does this show the form of null by virtue of the location of an inherent simplicity. If true, then we have complication in null.

. . .

I remember eating that bakery the next day and getting sick. It was my stomach. It was a familiar pain, at first, as if I had to use the bathroom soon to pass whatever was causing this. The pain lingered longer than usual. As it got worse, I decided it was best to lay on my stomach with my arms fully extended and my face partially pressed into the blanket that covered the mattress. Something about that stomach ache felt different. I began to worry. As I laid there, face down, my worry turned into a mild panic. For some unknown reason thoughts of death appeared. Where did they come from? They appeared suddenly, but I fought them off.

I began to think about God. It was if I was pretending to prepare for death at any moment. Often times, my mind enters this land of make-believe that allows the reasoning of my mind to absorb all possible considerations of my heart. God was there and I began to talk to Him. I may not remember what I said, but once I truly accepted death as an option that day, I felt like a soldier. My faith in God destroyed all thoughts of fear and I remember thinking that, since this was His decision, I better make this look admirable.

After I got up from that bed, with my mind in order, I headed for the bathroom to sit down because it really felt like I had to go. Directly in front of me was the cabinet below the mirror. Draped over the cabinet door was a blue hand towel that read, "All blue skies from here." I have to admit, that worried me a little, but that was the last thing I remember before I woke up on the bathroom floor. When I woke up, the pain was gone. I had plenty of energy. I looked around the bathroom to see if there was anything to clean up, but there was nothing. It was a miracle.

I wondered if I died and God brought me back to life, but imagine that consideration for yourself. Would you tell anyone? Would you have to? There is this unfamiliar enhancement I still feel that started the moment I woke up in that bathroom. Those feelings bring an extra love for life and everything around me gets a much closer look at its details - almost like a superpower, but I still consider that to be my empathy. Sometimes, the empathy I have for others is so strong I have to distance myself from the source. Sometimes I cannot. Sometimes empathy brings sadness or pain. Sometimes my empathy makes me want to curl up in a ball clutching my head as these overwhelming thoughts allow for none of my own. Maybe that is my new superpower. Maybe God is still teaching me how to use it. Sometimes, the thoughts I have in these moments really do not feel like my own. I know how insane that may sound, but these days is not everything upside-down?

This is no claim to have an ability to read minds, but what I do claim to have is this ability to sense the true intentions of others. It is all about body language and how people carry themselves. This includes the way people talk. If I am tuned in to what you are saying, then please know I can sense the tone you are using, the tone you want to use, and the tone you should be using. This is to imply that, if you are lying or exaggerating, I will always know. While I believe this may sound self-absorbed to the reader. What is even more delusional is the thought that this was all the result of me almost dying only to wake up off the floor as if God raised me from the dead. Know that I know how alarming that will be for others to read. For you, myself, and the reader, know that I am open to other interpretations.

All the other reasonable explanations, for how I fell unconscious and woke up feeling more than fine, will be acceptable to me. That is to say, I will probably agree with you without hesitation. Will you and the reader agree that any alternative explanation cannot be exclusively true without God as a factor? Consider the following reasoning that brings up some fascinating truths about the human condition.

. . .

We seem to be terrible at maintaining a healthy perspective on reality. At least we are not learning to have one fast enough as adults. This error is called _interpretation of fact_. This will usually occur when others modify the conclusions regarding your own personal experiences. The solution is to let others define their own realities, but it does not end there. You should not modify these conclusions and then use them to add to your own enlightenment. If I say that I died from eating a poisonous donut and God resurrected me from the dead shortly after, then the cheapest support I can provide for this claim is that nobody else was there to see it. A more robust explanation will turn into a lesson on life, but since I seem to have a strong opinion about this, then brace yourselves. I will do my best to shine a light.

If we were both communicating, the goal is to label the input of another reality as subjectively true for the sake of yourself and objectively true for the sake of myself. All input consumed, and then transformed as output to the world, is categorically true for the sake of everyone in the form of words. When two realities discuss truth they meet at a line of distinction. This division has a bell. The bell chimes the moment the output of another becomes the input of yourself. The sound of that bell is an indication that there is no modification of input allowed unless explicitly granted by the source of the output. In other words, you should not internalize the modification of any subjective truth. Categorical truths accumulate through the moments and collectively embody the one source of truth for all of humanity in time.

A casual articulation of the flow of information is exemplified by comics. They often take the form of conversation. To maintain consistency, using the poisonous donut as an example, would go something like this.

I say, "dude, I ate a donut and died. When I woke up from this fatal slumber, I felt resurrected by God. I think the donut was poisonous".

You say, "That is impossible. This guy is crazy. I cannot wait to tell everyone about my modified version of his words".

Cow say, "Yikes! Is the division bell not loud enough? Let me turn up the volume. Poof. This bell shall be called, tinnitus, lol."

. . .

To discuss with you, myself and the reader my thoughts on the division bell requires completion. To do so, a good reminder for the beginning of the end, of this essay, is that time does not exist. The concept is severely flawed and the cause of much pain and anxiety in this world. My solution, in theory, is that an individual reality, or life, is a collection of moments. To visualize the accumulation of moments, recall the non-liner tessellation of a life that increases or decreases through recollection of memory or fruition created in wonder of imagination. Moments are indivisible and discrete in nature. By virtue of these facts, a tessellation is defined as two or more moments that can be partially observed under some conditions, but the observability of a tessellation is tangential for this story and will be explored in another essay.

Regarding the division bell, its figurative role is a reminder to maintain the source of truth. When the output of another reality rings the division bell, it should remind you to avoid transformation by allowing any output to become subjective truth. This should allow you to picture a figurative synapse of two realities exchanging information. The source of truth erodes by human error in the presence of transformation.

Imagine a conversation between you and I to have a light we reflect back as input and output. The line of distinction between these realities is the space where this light travels. We can call this space the wire. The wire is uninsulated. This implies that our conversation, or maintenance of the truth, is vulnerable to all that can hear our conversation. Any interpretation of the hypothetical reader increases potential transformation of the truth and decreases the effectiveness of our maintenance of the truth. The reader does this much like you or I could if we were not careful with the truths shared with us by another. The second reason for non-insulation of the wire is God. He listens, and the reality of what happens to our reflected light can only be defined by you or the reader.

At the conclusion of our reflection, for example, the subjective truth that is still an objective truth of myself now has utility. The effort you made to care for the objective truth of myself is available for you to use to maintain the source of truth when shared in another moment and with another reality, even if it is myself again. This is a confirmation that yields validity that often amplifies that light when shined in any other moment. If I were to shine my light at a transformer, you could say the transformer failed to hear or ignore the sound of the division bell because their transformation of my truth is now shade. The lack of effort to internalize as subjective truth is often thrown as shade onto you, myself, or the reader.

Figuratively speaking, shade is not darkness. Darkness, for example, can be in the form of a lie. Subjective truth, that originated as darkness, becomes shade that is unintentionally thrown into the wire. This echo of darkness may cause severe damage to the source of truth if enough moments in time were unaware of its presence. Negligence is found in effortlessness and an inability to watch for the echo of darkness and the shade that it creates.

. . .

Here is a a funny image - a waxing moon provides light. Another one - A wanning moon will demonstrate completion drawn as a different concept of darkness and intentionally meant to have sound like a minor chord on the guitar. Now romantically speaking, _turning towards completion with its other_ will sing a phrase that is also and attractive illustration animating this alternation of four spaces. The illustration is of two hues starting as a box along the perimeters of the canvas or the borders of the graphics interchange format, or GIF. My preference is to pronounce that acronym just the way it is spelled.

Maybe you can have a flower instead. I'd like to avoid getting tired of my cool moon-words flying light-ships all over the place, but whatever. I might, as well, be wordy and just get all _ad nsaeum_ on that ass because I was deep in thought when I asked to start and its chill-time if that is the cut of your jib. Therefore, besides a flower, there is the moon again. Do not forget that they are together as each ones _other_ as a way of saying. They both live in a world that is basically outer space for half the night and then the morning half comes again. The flower _grows_ to work when the sun is out. If that is true, then giant boyfriend is way up there at night. The flower hangs out with him because that is when she does not have enough time for work. I was thinking there is no such thing as time. I mean, have you ever met a sleeping flower? A dash of courage will help myself to boldly admit that I hope you like it if I said _the moon finds no sleeping flower_. She does so myself and the reader are fine.
