# Unsure

Why did I say that I loved Aida? After that earthquake, on a train, in an essay, I said I loved you. I just wanted to because you are pretty. I wanted to love you because you can sing well. I really believed Russ when he told me you loved me too. You were the only woman that did not occupy my mind to the point of madness. Why have I never heard of you before? Maybe the world was waiting. Maybe you were. Maybe I know nothing.

Ethnocentric is my middle name. I did not choose this name, but _alas_. I think we all are and if you say you are not ethnocentric, no matter your origin, then we should get a beer so I can tell you why you are. As Americans, or as Asians, or as Europeans, or as Africans, or South Americans. That is all. Australians are easy to pick on if you are ethnocentric. I mean, you just have to ask all the stereotypical questions to get through the small talk, but after that, once I am inside you will see why I prefer some ways, and other ways, I do not.

Near the airport, the one with the 4.20 magnitude earthquake, two security guards kicked me out of the airport because I did not have a ticket visible in my hand for them to see. They get really upset if you actually have one, but their egos will not let truth orchestrate action. While we were arguing I asked him if he knew who my girlfriend was in a snotty way. He claimed to not know so I told him it was you, Aida, and that you are very attractive and that was the only thing I could think of to say to make myself look cool for _that_ encounter with the police. The thought, at least, made me feel better. His response was, "she's aight.", and I was taken aback by his lack of enthusiasm, but now that I think about it, you probs just have that much emphasis.

. . .

Check this out. I would make out with you basically any time for a few reasons. The first is that I am a really good kisser. I mean, like really good. You can feel my energy if I really get into it. Easily, the best kisser on Earth. I would impress you, my lady, but where were you last night? I waited for you downtown in that filth all night hoping you would find me since I could not make it to that hotel to fug. I even said out-loud that if you loved me, then why am I still walking?

Did you like that one sex scene in that war movie about the two snipers in World War II. It is a very hot scene and is kinda like reproduction should be if and only if reproduction has gradations of romanticism.

The movie should be easy to find, but I can still remember how the soldier and his partner were oriented before he entered her from behind. The hot part is that they made love in a bomb-shelter. The close proximity to the other people sleeping next to them was a good contrast the film maker needed to emphasize the _raw and primal_ stuff we sometimes be like and make the scene more accurately portrayed for the 1940s. Anyways, he was the favorite war hero of his land and she just was all refracted because of this. I mean, when the two of them got together you should have seen the look in her eyes when she turned around at the moment he first got all up in that trunk. This is the hottest sex scene I ever saw and the two of them did not take off all their clothes. They just needed to fug before he died. This is my current disposition. With no person or family to inherit my assets _and_ liabilities, I need a baby, like, today. This means any of you at this point.

Do you want it on the floor? Do you want it in the chair? Do you want it over here? Do you want it over there?

The thought of falling in love with you has an image. A bird is flying over a field with golden grass in a valley. There is a lake there and some mountains. There are bright colors like the color of that white apron and lite-blue dress in that movie about sound and music. All that imagery may have been from a dream, but that is how I saw _you_ see _us_ after I sent you that message on social media. When Russ looked you up, I looked at your picture and told Russ that was the kind of woman I would move mountains for. Was the earthquake your prayers, the prayers of myself, or the reader?

. . .

If not now, then in some other time or dimension, you flirt with me. Based on the reactions of all those around me, I can sense that you and I are on the same thread. Since that is true, where are you? I am downtown in Los Angeles next to Pershing Square. I really needed you last night because all they do here is make me walk and take my money out of my bank account when they want. All I do here is look for shelter because I am homeless. They stole my iPhone XR yesterday in Culver City. This means I cannot check my bank account in case they gave me my money back nor am I able to see if my taxes showed up nor am I able to see when my unemployment pays me three-hundred dollars that pay period. This is my only hope for income. They funnel me arund the city and the citizens have this app that they make money from. Their job is to drive around to follow me and honk their horn, walk aggressively towards me, and they refuse to give me water unless I am wearing a mask. There has been secveral nights now that I have slept on the street. If you love me, then where are you. They are killing me.

...brb
