# Working Title

The bookstore, for myself as a kid, had their opening in the suburb where I grew up and when I walked in their that day there were no shelves because the tables they used held their books until the furniture arrived. The other day, for myself as an adult, the most recent book made me browse the rest of the store before I was allowed to take it home. The register rang up what I could afford and that was the moment I knew it was special. Science Fiction was alright mostly, but not to imply any favoritism, the movie is a longer read compared to the book version of _2001 a space odyssey_. This is to say that after the first sentence my life was never the same. The novel, by Arthur C. Clarke, taught me something that we may never see the entire picture of because how could we? The format could have been what allowed me to get enough of a glimpse regarding what is required for a turning point along the path we move.

In the land on earth, as it appears through a lens, played a scene with an object that eventually made another appearance when humans explored the dark side of the moon. Those two locations in space were bent in a way that set the pace for this progress I imagined as my interpretation settled at the end of the chapter. The author found a way to send his signal and I found a way to catch that wind.

The novel describes a pair of objects that balance both ends of the copy I found on the shelf that day, but in my room it was not long before those words described a transition in time when a mirror reflected another mirror and together the two then contained all the entropy that still waits for life to make the waves on the waters of earth. The second time on the moon the object brought closure to a moment that, below the surface, was two realities that joined a pair of characters as two humans in exploration.

Clarke's novel joined the club of authors who sit on a bookshelf of the collection of all my books that were never finished to the end. For _2001_, The lunar object was this seam that joined two realities: one on earth and the other side was some location beyond the moon. If the movements of those three locations are easy enough to visualize, then an interest in the way they might project another shape as a silhouette the system might have from a light pointed at the sun from another star.

The brilliance continued for me with empathy when the character on earth sat to wonder about the discovery. Those terrestrial thoughts signaled an arc of the lightning in the clouds that delivered a new understanding regarding my resulting perception of the interventions of our reality that seems to be created by the mind of our species.
